Traditionally, radars are used for long-range detections,
while cameras are used for rich sensory inputs.
When it comes to sensor configurations for self driving cars,
we have to note the details that their in.
Lidars and radars are what are known as active sensors.
That is, they sense the environment based on transmissions of energy.
Cameras on the other hand, are passive sensors.
They can only sense the environment based on energy photons already in the scene.
These sensory details have
serious repercussions on the type of algorithms we end up using.
Computer vision has many powerful tools.
The part of good design also means knowing what not to do even though it's possible.
Furthermore, computer vision should not
necessarily be associated with camera images only.
It is possible to also construct lidar images with your lidar sensor.
Thereby, giving you measured depth,
but also with classify pixels. Here are some results.